Anika loved her job. She got to pick her own hours, talk to new people every day, and bask in the customer’s smile once they saw themself in the mirror. The smile was always the same for new customers: a look of shock quickly replaced with one of happiness. It was a new version of themselves. That’s what Anika saw herself as, not a stylist, but a life renovator. With hair being one of the first things people judge, she held her position to the utmost importance. One of her styles could get someone a dream job or the date they had been waiting on. Every cut had to be perfect.
The day started out quite ordinary. Anika arrived just after ten, giving her enough time to work out and shower in the morning. Her shop was located in a busy part of the borough, sandwiched between a pawn shop and a small park. The street was already abuzz with activity: businessmen and wide-eyed tourists alike. The sun shone down on the scene with a yellow glaze. That’s what Anika enjoyed the most, the raw beauty in every step she took.
“I didn’t think you’d ever make it,” Piper said, cleaning her station. Anika’s shop was a single square room with four chairs set up for use. She took pride in the aesthetic of her store: vibrant colors matched the wide variety of flora. Piper was younger than Anika but just as talented. Anika reckoned that if the girl was still around by the time change was needed, she’d be the one to inherit the place. Anika pushed the thought away. She enjoyed her job, and the idea of retirement needed to stay just on the horizon. She hated looking old, but feeling old was worse than anything else.
“Don’t say that like you’ve never been late before,” Anika shot back. She admired herself in the mirror: wrinkled skin clinging to a few final remnants of youth. Even her moon tattoo had lost its color.
“Weird, I can’t recall ever being late.”
Anika smiled and set up her station. There were enough tools and gadgets to drive any new barber mad. “How were the first two cuts?” she asked.
“Mrs. Fly was decent enough, gossipy, but decent. Mr. Wallows was dead silent. He didn’t even say hello when he walked in, just grunted and took a seat. Can you believe that?”
“He’s always been a bit odd but nothing wrong with that. Even freaks need their hair cut.”
Piper slipped off her apron. “Do you mind if I go grab a drink real quick? I can bring you something.”
Anika smiled. Despite loving the help, she also enjoyed having her shop to herself. It was freeing. “I’ll take one of those fancy hot chocolate things,” she said.
Piper left soon after. Anika watched her go, young and determined. She had been hired during a time when her money had run dry and the girl was forced to drop out of school. Ever since Anika had taken her in, the two were bonded. The woman reflected fondly and turned to finish setting up.
The door bell jangled. “Do you do walk-ins?” a voice asked, high-pitched and squeaky.
Anika turned to find a stranger filling the entrance. He was a large man that easily towered over the seats in the shop. He wore a striped-shirt and tight, boy-like shorts. Despite his massive size, it was his face that she looked at.
The man wore a highly realistic, full-head covering mask. It was the kind of prosthetic Anika would see used in movies with a whole team of make-up artists standing nearby. The mask resembled that of a child’s face, round and blushing with especially chubby cheeks. It was smiling. Random tufts of red hair sprouted from the top of the mask. Within his shirt, Anika could see the small seam where the mask ended and his skin began. 
The man’s eyes shone through the mask like light through a window. They were hollow, piercing. Bloodshot. They directly contradicted the smooth, rubber-like skin of the mask. They weren’t blinking.
“Do you do walk-ins?” the man asked again. His cartoonish voice held no malice. It was as if he was imitating a child.
“Y-yes. Have you been here before?” Anika asked.
The masked head cocked sideways. “Am I supposed to have been here before?”
“No! We love new customers. W-what can I do for you today?”
The man’s wide shoulders softened. “Just a tad off the top, it’s become a bit of a mess. Can you do that for me?”
Anika watched as the man ran his thick fingers through the mask’s red hair. “You want me to cut that hair?” Anika asked.
The man nodded. His movements were frenetic.
The woman suddenly wished for Piper to return. She needed to feel safe. “Yup, I can do that. Just take a seat right here. What’s your name?”
“I’m Fox. What’s your name?”
“Anika.”
Fox giggled at the sound and playfully skipped over to the elevated chair. Every movement he made was that of a child. Anika had cut plenty of children's hair, but never like this. The old chair creaked under his weight. “Anika, Anika, Anika. It sounds like a princess’ name,” Fox said.
Anika smiled. “And Fox sounds like a secret agent's name. Are you a secret agent?”
Fox giggled a child’s laugh. “Couldn’t tell you even if I was.”
Anika took a deep breath. She would just snip a bit of the mask’s cheaply-made hair and call it a day. He’d pay, leave, and Piper would arrive to not believe the whole thing. It sounded like a plan.
“Do you want it a certain way?” she asked.
“Just a tad off the top will do.”
As was custom, Anika swiveled the chair away from the light-bordered mirror. It was the eventual twist and first look in the mirror that fueled her. As the chair squeaked under the force, Fox grunted. “Why can’t I look in the mirror?” he asked.
“It’s just something we do around here,” Anika said.
Despite the mask's smile, his voice indicated a frown. “But I like to watch.”
Anika gave in immediately. She swiveled the chair back around and picked up her best pair of scissors. Fox’s eyes watched her in the mirror. They were just as sunken and depraved. She hadn’t seen him blink once. 
Anika made the first snip. Just as she suspected, the hair was a poor quality polymer that felt ready to break with the slightest movement. Another snip was made and more red hair fell to the floor. The mask looked to be airtight to his true skin. Anika figured he was either bald or quite good at prosthetics. With that, more and more questions arose. Did he sleep in the mask? Was this some dumb dare by Piper?
Anika soon realized how focused she had been. When cutting hair, she entered a zone where the outside world fell away and all that mattered was the next cut. Why was she caring so much? The barber shook off her fears and admired her progress in the mirror.
Fox’s eyes still glared into her own. They were full of an emotion she couldn’t decipher. “Do you like my face?” he asked in a shy tone.
“I think you’re very handsome,” Anika said.
“Do you want to touch my face?” 
Anika froze in place. “I don’t think that’d be very professional.”
“You will touch my face.”
The flash in his eyes became obvious: excitement. He was enjoying this. Anika felt trapped. She prayed for Piper or another walk-in to jingle the door. She wasn’t that lucky.
Anika cautiously rested her fingertips on the mask’s cheek. Cheap rubber. “I’m soft, right?” Fox asked.
He didn’t give Anika time to answer. She could feel air fill the mask as he said, “can I touch your face?”
“No, y-you can’t,” Anika whispered. 
Before she could react, Fox reached up and grabbed her face in his hands. His fingers were warm to the touch. Anika tried to pull back but Fox’s grip was too strong. Her cheeks felt crushed under his fingertips. The man swiveled in his chair to face the woman head on. His eyes were crying. Happy.
“Your face is soft too,” he said. “But I think you’d look better with a face like mine. No wrinkles. You get to look young again!”
Reflexes kicked in. Anika sprung the scissors down into his shoulder, resulting in a violent shriek. His grip fell away and sent Anika sprawling to the checkered floor below. She scrambled to her feet and sprinted for the entrance. Fox’s howls filled the store.
They sounded childlike.
Anika made it halfway down the street before bumping into Piper. By that time, tourists had taken to the commotion and looked to the store for an answer. Witnesses watched Fox use the bloody scissors to finish his cut in the mirror. The man finished, cleaned off the scissors, and left a wad of cash on the counter. By the time the police arrived, he had left through the back entrance to a place unknown. 
Anika worked another week before retiring. Piper promised to take care of the place. Anika wanted the moment to be beautiful, but instead she couldn’t pull her eyes away from Piper’s clear skin and radiant youth. Smooth skin, like a mask.
For the next few years, the store never saw another masked figure. Sightings arose around the area of Fox walking down streets late at night with his hair still cut. There were sightings of another masked figure as well. The mask was that of a young girl with beautiful glowing hair. However, her defining feature was of a crescent moon down the back of her neck. It had lost all of its color. 
