Detective Landon stepped out of his car into the night rain. His coat was pulled over his head to save his shaggy curls from the ever-lasting rainfall. Yellow caution tape before the suburban home reflected the blinding light of the media vans. Dozens of obscured forms stood before the scene. Some were clearly neighbors eager for excitement in their nothing-ever-happens utopia. Reporters worked with overly forced scowls and looks of concern glued to their faces. Landon wasn’t there for any of them.
An elderly man tapped Landon’s shoulder. He looked tired, worn from life. “Sorry to interrupt,” the stranger said, “but please be good to that girl. She’s one of the only kind souls in this whole neighborhood. Don’t let her see the bodies.”
Landon nodded. The simple action sent runaway raindrops tumbling to the sidewalk below. 
Three officers stood on the home's front steps. The mansion was an absolute beauty: white arches, pristine tiling, and ornate windows giving it the aura of a European fortress. The three men turned from the open front door to greet the detective. “Thank God you’re here,” the youngest of the officers, Adam, said.
“The whole goddamn suburb is going to be on our asses before long,” another grumbled.
Landon took a final look behind him before heading inside. The new moon was lost somewhere in the throng of dark clouds. More and more bodies were arriving at the caution tape barrier.
“Would you like us to show you where it happened?” Adam asked.
“Yes,” Landon responded. It was all that needed to be said.
The house was as beautiful inside as outside. A grand chandelier illuminated the room in a vibrant glow. Two winding staircases led up to the second floor while a labyrinth of hallways seemed to connect the rest of the home. Landon paid no mind to the expensive furniture or decor. He couldn’t begin to dissect the house until he saw the bodies—corpses always tell all that needs to be said.
Landon was led upstairs to a closed bedroom door. With an affirmative nod, Adam opened the door and stood aside. 
	The bedroom, while just as magnificent as the rest of the home, stunk of death. Two bodies laid sprawled across the master bed; white sheets tainted by red. The corpses laid as if they were just getting ready for sleep when death arrived. Landon stepped over the caution tape and took a few steps closer. 
	The sheets were undisturbed. The husband’s glasses rested perfectly on his face in front of a set of still eyes. The couple’s hands were intertwined in their final moments of life. It was almost serene.
	“You don’t think he’s still in the house, do you?” an officer asked.
	“Do we have confirmation it’s a male?” Landon retorted. The awkward gasps following told him all he needed to know.
	“We have no basis for what occurred here yet. Before we jump to murder, we have to identify all alternatives,” Landon continued.
	“They’ve been gutted open for God’s sake!” another officer said. “It has to be murder.”
	Landon slipped on a glove and cautiously peeled the blood-soaked sheets away. The smell was enough to send him retching to the floor if he hadn’t seen it all already. The corpse's stomachs were a nightmare on their own. He scanned each knife wound.
	“What are you thinking?” Adam asked.
	“Whatever occurred here, it happened without any sort of struggle. The wounds are extremely clean, they look almost surgical. The sheets were undisturbed. It’s as if they had gotten into bed like this.”
	“Or the bastard tucked them in,” a cop added.
	“Could they have been drugged? There’s no other reason they wouldn’t have fought back,” Adam asked.
	Landon gently pulled the sheets back over the grisly scene. He could only take it for so long. “Not sure yet. Is the daughter still in the house?”
	“She’s in her room across the hall with Michaels. We tried to keep her from seeing all of this but I think she caught a peek when we first got here. I promise you we tried, Landon,” Adam said. The detective nodded and made his way from the room of death, pondering how no child should ever have to see something like that.
	Landon gently opened the daughter’s door. Officer Michaels sat on a pink bed with the little girl’s hand in her own. As the youngest of them all, Michaels was often best at calming children at the scene. It was a trait Landon admired her for. “Ana, this is my friend Detective Landon, but you can just call him Landon. He’s going to ask you a few questions, OK?” the woman asked. 
	Ana was no older than ten. She was a tall, skinny streak of blonde hair and green eyes. The pink pajamas she wore matched her room perfectly. “Hello Ana, it’s nice to meet you. Are you feeling alright?” Landon asked.
	The girl nodded. Her stare was lifeless, as if she was looking right through Landon to the room behind him. Shock. Landon stepped closer and watched the girl lightly flinch. Response to stimuli. That was a good sign. Landon noticed she was wearing an equally pink pair of earbuds. The detective sent Michaels an odd look but received no answer in return.
	“I know it’s hard to talk about right now, but can you tell us what made you call 911? It was an incredibly brave thing to do,” Landon asked.
	Ana looked up from the carpet. “I saw the man walk in the front door. Mommy left it unlocked because a neighbor was gonna drop off a pie for us. I saw him but he didn’t see me.”
	“And then you ran in here to call the police on your phone?” Landon asked. The girl nodded and clutched the phone close to her chest. The earbud’s cord had grown tangled in her hair.
	“Do you know what time you called?”
	Ana shook her head. Landon put on a smile. “Could I look at your phone real quick to see what time you called? I promise I’ll give it right back.”
	Ana’s body tensed and she drew the phone in closer to her chest. 
	Michaels cleared her throat. “Ana listens to music to make her feel better when she’s upset. It’s something that she’s done since she was a little girl.”
	“You listen to music all the time?” Landon asked. Ana responded with a shy nod.
	Landon grinned and put a hand to his face. “Of course, sorry for suggesting it. What happened after you made the call?”
	“I hid under my bed and kept as quiet as possible. I couldn’t hear anything happening over my music, but he never came into my room.”
	“He…do you remember what he looked like?”
	“He looked like a teenager with a big raincoat. Didn’t have any hair.”
	Landon created a mental picture. “Was he tall, short, skinny...?”
	“He was short and really skinny. I didn’t get to see him that well, though.”
	Landon gave the room another look. His heart ached at the thought that she’d never get to experience the room in the same way ever again. He’d find the damn bastard for her. He had to.
	Landon gave a final goodbye and walked back into the hallway. Adam stood staring into the parent’s bedroom as if lost in a trance. “It’s a goddamn tragedy,” he said.
	“What do you know about the girl and her music?” Landon asked.
	The officer shrugged. “I know what Michaels told me. Her brother died when she was really little and she hasn’t been the same since. She listened to music back then as a way to cope and she needs it even to this day. How can so many bad things happen to one kid?”
	Landon’s blood boiled. He thought of his own little girl in the same situation and felt sick to his stomach. “She said she didn’t hear or see the man leave. Have you swept the house?” Landon asked.
	“Multiple times, but it doesn’t help that this place is a goddamn maze. Unless he’s holed up in some crevice like a damn roach, he’s already gone.”
	“No murder weapon?” Landon asked.
	“No weapon. We didn’t even find any footprints, which I thought was damn freaky considering it’s been raining all day. Did you see how muddy their lawn was?”
	The detective’s brow furrowed. He was missing something. “How did the brother die?”
	“Huh?”
	“Ana’s brother all those years ago. How’d he die?”
	Adam gulped. “He was taken by somebody while he and Ana were playing in the nearby park. His body was never found,” a pause, “But you don’t think…”
	“I don’t know what I think yet,” Landon interrupted. He reached forward and closed the bedroom door. “I do think I need a breath of fresh air.”
	The scene outside was just as chaotic, if not worse. More media vans had arrived and with them even more nosy neighbors. Additional officers stood in the crowd to answer questions that no one had the answer to. He caught the eye of the shoulder-tapper in the crowd. The detective motioned for the man to come closer. 
	“She didn’t see anything, did she?” the man asked as Landon helped him through the yellow tape.
	“She’s fine, but I have a few questions for you. I take it you live around here?”
	“Yes, sir.”
	“And you know this family?”
	“Been going to church with them since Tom was a wee baby.”
	“Was Tom Ana’s brother?” Landon asked. The detective could picture the boy's blonde hair and energy-fueled body. 
	“He was, well, is the best boy I’ve ever met.”
	“What do you mean by is?” 
	“Sorry, force of habit. The poor child went missing but was never really confirmed dead, at least with proof of a body anyway. Thinking he’s still out there just makes me feel a bit better is all.”
	Landon looked back to the lit-up mansion. “How was Tom’s relationship with his family?” 
	“He was twelve when he was taken, Ana was only five. The neighborhood always saw the kids as being a bit odd, and after it all went down, things only got worse. Goddamn idiots. I don’t even know one family besides my wife and I that see them as friends. The whole family was accused of enough bullshit to drive anyone mad.”
	Landon thought hard. An ousted family in a cutthroat suburb. No wonder every soul in the neighborhood is showing up to watch the festivities. “What kind of accusations?”
	“Everything from witchcraft to being serial killers. They didn’t fit into the perfect role that this neighborhood demands and they were bullied for it, the kids especially.” The man’s voice had grown coarse as if the words were a struggle to get out.
	“And no one helped the family?”
	“There were some, my wife and I included, but that only made the others label us the exact same thing: freaks.”
	“Is there anything else you can tell me about Tom or the family?” the detective asked.
	“I think the reason the boy was seen as different was because of his hair. His parents gave the boy a certain image, but his hair seemed like the final straw.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“They always shaved it all off.”
	Landon turned back to the house in a flash. A steady rhythm in his heart grew and grew with every step. Adam appeared at the top of the stairs. “What the hell’s going on?” he asked.
	Landon thought back to Ana’s words. It was too much of a perfect fit to not be true.
	“Tom, her brother, did it. I think he’s still in the house,” Landon said. A few of the other officers rounded the corner.
	“That kid’s dead,” one of the men said.
	“Missing, not dead. The neighborhood labeled him a freak because his parents would push him, creating this oddball image. They shaved his head for God’s sake. In a place like this, every kid would eat him alive over it.”
	“And?”
	Landon thought hard. “The boy didn’t go missing—he ran away from it all, and now he’s back. He resents his parents for what they did to him. Every stab wound in their body was planned. This thing was planned for years. Ana said the man she saw was bald and young like a teenager, the perfect age for Tom.”
	“If that’s true, what makes you think he’s still in the house?”
	“Because a boy like that wouldn’t leave his sister in the hell he escaped. They were connected by the image their parents created for them. He came to get her out too.”
Adam’s eyes grew wide. “And he lived here his whole life. He’d know every nook and hiding spot in this house.”
	Landon looked at the officers. “Start a new sweep. Look in places where only a child would hide. Have the officers outside alert the media and neighbors. Let’s find this kid.”
	The search began. Shadows lengthened throughout the hallways, twisting and contorting to fit the silhouettes of various statues. Landon tore the house apart. Adrenaline powered every footstep. He imagined turning the corner to find the boy sitting in the dark, knife in hand. He thought of his wife at home. He thought of his own daughter.
	“I’ve got something!” Adam called out. Landon turned and followed his personal string back through the maze. The hallways extended and shrank with each new angle of the light. Shadows popped and picture frames blinked. Landon could hardly keep it together—the smell of death had infected every corner.
	Adam stood in a new bedroom: Tom’s. The room was perfectly intact in an effort to keep the spirit of the boy alive. “You see something?” Landon asked.
	The young officer stood before a bookcase holding a plethora of books and movies alike. It would’ve been an impressive collection for anybody regardless of his age. “So what?” Landon asked further.
	The officer grabbed a book and held it to the light: The Full Story of Jeffrey Dahmer. Landon looked further at the catalog. Clown Tears: How John Wayne Gacy Killed. Ted Bundy: The Unlikely Hero. The detective’s eyes popped as the titles went on and on. The bookshelf was full of every ounce of media possible pertaining to the serial killers Landon had grown up fearing. Hell, they were half the reason he became a detective.
	“What parent would let their children get so into this?” Landon whispered to any god listening. He thought back to the shoulder-tapper's words.
	“I think they were grooming their kids to be killers. What this neighborhood did to them seems terrible, but this is next level crazy,” Adam concluded. Landon felt his heart sink. However, something still didn’t feel right. It was a detail from Ana’s story that set him off. A neighbor in this neighborhood dropping off pie? To this family?
	The detective reached out and grabbed one of the books. With a sense of morbid curiosity, he flipped through the pages. His heart stopped.
	A name was written in the corner.
	Landon grabbed another book and checked. Same name. He grabbed another. And another. Adam watched in horror as the truth came into being.
	The detective ran from the room and started upstairs. The other officers turned and followed closely after. Landon’s heart felt ready to explode.
	Ana’s door burst open and in rushed the men. Officer Michaels laid still in a pool of her own blood. There must’ve been a struggle, as Ana's cherished phone and earbuds rested nearby. The girl was nowhere to be seen as a light breeze drifted in from the open window.
	The officers cried out and rushed forward to help. “How in the hell did we miss him?” one asked, surely not expecting an answer. 
	“Where’s the girl?” another called.
	Landon fell to his knees. From the window, he could catch a hint of the moon peeking through the bottom of the clouds to form a smile. All eyes turned to the detective.
	“Tom didn’t go missing,” the detective uttered. He felt himself growing numb. “The parents were raising a serial killer; we were just after the wrong child.”
	Landon reached down and grabbed Ana’s earbuds. He checked the phone for what was playing: a singular audio file set on an endless loop. He figured she had been listening to it ever since she first put in the earbuds five years prior, a parent’s homemade remedy.
As a vision of his daughter filled his mind, he put on the headphones and listened to the desperate, terrified screams of a dying Tom.
