Thomas had been looking forward to the fishing trip since Christmas. 
Money was tight in the family. Truthfully, it always had been, but the Armel’s were quite good at hiding it. Every year saw just enough green for a few presents under the tree when that dreaded time came. It was those months leading up to the happiest time of the year that proved to be the roughest for the family. Florence, Thomas’s mother, lost her high school teaching job due to unfortunate budget cuts. George, Thomas’s father, received fewer and fewer customers every day at his local bait and tackle shop and his typical fishing spots were running dry. Their efforts to make ends meet were far from meeting. 
Christmas came like a bullet and with it came the worries. George made a decision: rather than get Thomas the annual toy or comic book, he would give him a promise instead. “This year, you and I are going on the biggest, most spectacular fishing trip any boy your age has ever been on. You in?” George asked. 
Thomas was beyond excited. He rarely saw his father anymore due to work and the trip seemed like the perfect opportunity to rekindle their relationship. As the time ticked by, Thomas spent whole nights imagining the behemoth pike he would catch for his parent’s. It would be perfect. It had to be. 
And then the day came. 
Snacks and poles were packed. Florence saw both her boys off with a kiss and went inside to ponder what troubles the next month held for them. She was overjoyed that at least Thomas got to have his gift. That was enough to make her smile. 
The fishing destination was a favorite of George’s—a familiar stretch of forest and river that his father had taken him to all those years prior. The parking lot was thankfully deserted. Lush trees surrounded them on all sides and sent shadows dancing over their car. A warm glaze of humid air coated the leaves. It was a perfect morning for some fishing. 
The father and son started toward their first destination: a small alcove nestled along the river. The space was sandwiched between two rotten husks of fallen trees near the water. With the river being ripe with fish this time of year, George could hardly wait to see Thomas get the first catch. The months had been hard but it was those moments that made it all worth it. 
George helped Thomas atop one of the moss-covered trunks only to find a man fishing in the grassy alcove below. He was dressed in common fishing gear, tacky vest and bucket hat included. He was no younger than sixty with full shoulders and a bulging belly to boot. The pole in his hands wobbled in the current of the river—the stranger was lost in the game. 
Unsure how to continue, George let out a cough. He had no idea anyone even knew of the spot—his spot. The stranger recoiled in surprise. Immediately, any suspicion in George’s chest melted away. The man’s kind eyes saw to that as he called out, “Friends! It’s great to see that someone else knows about this place.”
George responded, “I didn’t think anyone else knew about it. My Pa’s been bringing me here since these trees were still standing.” 
The stranger chuckled. “My grandfather brought me here my first time. I guess it’s a...generational stepping stone, yeah?” 
George smiled. Little Thomas wasn’t sure what to do with his hands. 
“Sorry,” George began, “I’m George and this is my boy, Tom. We’ve been waiting since Christmas to put a pole in the water.” 
“I’m Phil, but you can just call me a friend if that makes it easier.” The man grabbed a small bag at his feet and slung it over his shoulder. “I can’t impede the grand work of the stepping stone. Best be on my way, but it was nice meeting you folk.” 
“You can stay if you like. We don’t mean to make you move,” George assured. 
Phil shook his head. “You deserve the big day ahead to be just between you two. Plus, I know of a better spot down the river that’s never proved me wrong.” 
“Better spot?” Thomas asked. The massive pike was all he could picture. 
“That’s right,” Phil said. “If you’re here to leave with a true haul, nothing beats The Ridge.” 
George’s eyes narrowed. “The Ridge? I’ve fished here since I was a boy and I’ve never heard of it.” 
“The Ridge is just a name us local folk gave it. God surely came down and blessed it himself because that hole has more game than the Pacific and Atlantic combined.” Thomas looked up at his father. His dreams were almost a reality. 
“Can we fish there, dad? I want to catch something big.” 
George was unsure. He looked across the grassy square and felt a tinge of disappointment. We can always fish here another time, the man thought. We’ve gotta make this trip special. I promised it would be. 
“Are you fine showing us the way?” George asked. Phil practically leapt in excitement. 
“Are you kidding me? It’d be an honor.” 
And so the trek began. 
Phil led the two along the river at a record’s pace. Thomas had to lightly jog to keep up with the stranger’s excitement. The pole he carried bounced to and fro with every step, occasionally getting caught on the breeze or a loose leaf. The river washed the scene in a wave of noise. Thomas couldn’t imagine how entire groups of fish could navigate the waters. However, he could imagine The Ridge in all of its glory. His hook would sink under the water and moments later be swung back with an award-worthy catch on the line. Thomas figured they could even sell some of the fish to make some money. That would certainly make his mother happy. 
“How much further?” George asked. The bag and accompanying pole on his shoulder had grown heavy. The path was muddled with fallen logs and twisted roots grasping for an unlucky ankle. 
Phil chuckled. “Not much further. I’ve been thinking: I reckon there’s so much in The Ridge’s waters ‘cause not a lot of people out here are willing to make this walk to get there. I say there’s no thrill in the catch if you aren’t willing to put a bit of work in.” 
George figured he was right. He had never seen the area so devoid of people. There would typically be dozens of young and old families alike sitting along the river, all yearning for a catch. Was it really a dying pastime? 
“How did you learn about this place?” George asked. 
“The very same grandpa who showed me your spot. He essentially discovered this place and spread the word around town. It made quite the fuss back in the day—I’m quite proud of it all.” 
The snaking river led them into thicker woods. George wasn’t sure how far they had walked. Regardless, the sun remained high in the sky and the day remained perfect. They had plenty of time. “Almost there, just a bit further. There may be a few boys out here but I wouldn’t sweat it. They don’t stay long,” Phil said. His giddiness was bubbling over the pot. 
Thomas caught a glimpse of a figure ahead. The ground sloped upward to where the fisherman was standing. They lost the river in the mess of trees. Phil led them up the hill, stopping only to make sure the father and son were following. With a few final steps, George and Thomas walked over the lip of the hill and admired the scene. 
It wasn’t a ridge at all, but instead a circular pit delving into a natural pool of water. Men sat on the edge of the hole with a pole in one hand and a beer in the other. A few trees hung over the basin like an umbrella. The men sent friendly nods George’s way. Thomas leaned over the edge and felt sick at the height of the drop. The water below was a beautiful blue, surely built up by centuries of collected rain and natural filtering. Small rocks and pieces of debris bobbed in the water, falling and surfacing with the flow. Thomas wasn’t sure how anyone could ever get out of the watery pit if fallen in. The edges of the hole were far too steep to climb and the loose mud surely didn’t help matters. The boy took a few steps back from the edge just to be safe. 
George admired the fellow fishermen. They all looked normal enough. However, George’s attention was drawn to their fishing poles. They reminded him of the heavy-duty fishing charters he would see out in the Pacific—the kind that could reel in behemoth creatures of the sea. 
“What kinda fish are you working with here?” George asked, marveling at the scene. 
Thomas took another peek into the pit. He caught sudden movement in the corner of the pool among the bobbing rocks. It was as if a fish had graced the surface of the water for a quick un-breath of air before plunging back under. The boy saw another, but it was far too quick for him to catch any details. 
As Phil approached with the father and son, the men around The Ridge sat up in excitement and grabbed their poles. A palpable switch had been flipped. Phil let out an excited whoop. 
And then Thomas saw it. 
Down below, a fish broke through the water’s surface and entered the humid air. And then another. The boy was amazed at the sight. 
But they weren’t fish. 
One had a hand; another a leg. More and more broke the surface for a breath as the fishermen casted their lines. The bobbing rocks weren’t rocks at all—they were heads coming up for air. The hooks were massive. 
George’s breath caught in his throat. 
They were men, women, and children—young and old alike. Families. Some still wore their fishing gear while others looked as if they had become one with the pit. Mud and grime clung to their skin like paint. Their frantic bodies weaved through the water in an effort to avoid the gnarly hooks. It wasn’t long before a deep red piqued the beautiful blue. Someone below was screaming. 
All Phil needed was one push. George’s foot held on to The Ridge before slipping into nothingness. Thomas grasped for his father only to have the pit rise to meet him. The last thing the two heard before breaching the water’s surface was a cheer from the fishermen above. 
Phil slowly hiked his way back to the grassy alcove along the river. He knew another family would be along. The spot along the river was far too good for a father to not share it with his son.
