It had been a successful day at the beach. With the trip having been planned for months, Daniel made sure that every moment of the day turned out perfect. The family of four walked the pier, ate far too much ice cream, and swam in water that turned the children, Aidan and Mia, into living ice cubes. The day ended with a sunset that melted the sky into an orange glaze. Daniel and his wife, Jess, embraced as the children ran free, swinging sand and splashing lake water. They couldn’t have asked for a more perfect day.
Aiden and Mia began bickering as soon as they entered the car. For the first hour, Daniel tried to block out all sound in an attempt to embrace the day for it’s perfection. No sibling fights. No family drama. Just...peace.
They drove along a forest road, moonlight filtering in through the overhead branches. Jess spent the time admiring the houses passing by: little shacks nestled into the woods as if they were a part of nature themselves. She imagined what a simple life like that would be like. The joy of waking up to the trees and the chirping of animals. Mia and Aidan would certainly have plenty of room to run around. She decided to bring it up to Daniel later that night.
“Dad, tell Mia to stop kicking me!” Aidan yelled. His shrill voice echoed within the small SUV. Any patience Daniel had built up withered away and the car screeched to a halt. As if by luck, Jess couldn’t see any of the cute houses in the immediate area. There were just trees, shadows, and tiny critters in the weeds.
“Can you two not argue for one day?” Daniel screamed. Aidan and Mia froze in their seats. They hadn’t seen their father that angry in a long time. “This was supposed to be the perfect day, and it was! You guys were doing so good…why end it now! Can we not drive two hours without you two tearing each other’s throats out? Please!”
	Aidan’s gaze was transfixed on his father. Mia, however, stared past him through the windshield. Her sideways gaze only angered Daniel further. “Are you hearing me? You both need to listen for us to fix this.” He leaned further in his chair toward Mia. “We need to fix this!”
“Daniel,” Jess whispered. Her hands were shaking.
A child stood in the headlights up ahead. It’s small form, nestled in a thicket of grass and bushes, was half-cast in shadow. “It’s a girl,” Mia whispered.
Daniel rubbed his glasses to get a better look. The child was just on the edge of his vision. He could catch only her outline: small arms, long hair, and a red jacket that hung loose, fluttering in the wind along with the grass. Her face was obscured completely by shadow.
“What do we do Daniel?” Jess asked. Her mind raced back to the homes they had passed. Perhaps one up ahead was missing a child. Her parents would arrive any second and take her under their wing. It’s what made sense.
Daniel saw his two children in the backseat: wide-eyed and transfixed. Not arguing, but concerned. He had to do something.
The car door opened. The wind entered and ruffled the children’s hair. The night was ablaze with movement. Branches stirred in the wind, leaves fell, and shadows danced across it all. All but the shadowed girl ahead was moving. 
She was absolutely still.
“Be careful,” Jess called out. She wasn’t quite sure why.
Daniel didn’t close the door behind him. Instead, he tuned into the environment in a way he only did while hunting. Every sound was a clue. If the girl’s parents were near, he would hear their frantic calls and help. Step by step he inched closer to the girl. No matter how close he got, the child remained out of focus as if just on the edge of sight. Daniel could see only a hint of a nose beneath her bundle of hair. The jacket was large and poofy on her, just like how Mia looked when jokingly wearing his clothes. He prepared for the child to turn and flee from the stranger as any child should.
But she remained completely still.
Aidan and Mia spoke at the exact same time.
“I wanna go home.”
“Make daddy come back.”
Jess leaned forward in her seat. Something wasn’t right about the child. It looked like a girl, but Jess couldn’t force herself to believe it. It’s outline was too symmetrical, as if finely tuned by an artist’s brush. It was larger than a child that age was likely to be. Jess’s heart beat faster. The thing’s hair was unnatural. It’s legs were oddly proportioned. Jess leaned toward the open door to speak.
She didn’t need to: Daniel had already halted in his tracks. He had noticed what was bugging him more than anything.
The girl’s chest was still. She wasn’t breathing.
The man started back toward the car without ever averting his eyes. The girl was frozen. It looked like a girl, so it had to be.
Daniel hopped into his seat and slammed the car door. The car’s headlights went out. “Damn thing!” Daniel cried, reaching for the keys. Fixing the car had been one of the few things he had elected to forget about on his big vacation day. The family-mobile groaned as his trembling hands pushed the engine.
Aidan cried in the backseat. Mia was dead silent.
The street was enveloped in darkness. Jess scanned the immediate vicinity for movement but saw only formless husks of tree trunks. “Turn on the damn car, Daniel,” Jess hissed. She wasn’t sure how she knew but she knew all the same: someone was watching. Not a girl, but someone else. Something. Aidan’s sobs grew louder. Mia’s silence filled the car. Jess wanted to scream.
The car roared to life. The headlights flicked on to reveal the same street, same trees, and same shadows. The girl remained in the patch of grass, frozen in time. Daniel floored the accelerator with all of his might. Tires squealed in an endless cycle until the family shot forward into their seatbelts. Jess and the kids leapt for the window. Daniel was too focused on praying to drag his eyes away from the road ahead.
The car sped past the child. No flinch. Jess muttered a sigh of relief. Their nightmare was over. Aidan stood from his seat and cried into his mother’s shoulder. The two embraced, wanting to be full of each other. 
Mia kept her eyes on the girl. The further they drove, the less human the shape looked. 
The girl in the grass shifted. It’s human form melted away and folded into itself like the frills of a territorial bird. What was almost a girl became something natural, something ancient. It’s massive tail swiped at the grass in frustration before slinking back into the tangle of trees. Mia didn’t make a sound. It suddenly became clear that the girl looked a lot like herself.
